Document Besu updates for Dencun (#1537)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/concepts/transactions/types.md

An `EIP1559` transaction always pays the base fee of the block it's included in, and it pays a priority fee as priced by `maxPriorityFeePerGas` or, if the base fee per gas + `maxPriorityFeePerGas` exceeds `maxFeePerGas`, it pays a priority fee as priced by `maxFeePerGas` minus the base fee per gas. The base fee is burned, and the priority fee is paid to the miner that included the transaction. A transaction's priority fee per gas incentivizes miners to include the transaction over other transactions with lower priority fees per gas.

`EIP1559` transactions must specify both `maxPriorityFeePerGas` and `maxFeePerGas`. They must not specify `gasPrice`.

## Shard blob transactions

> Shard blob transactions introduced in [EIP-4844](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844) enables scaling the

Reviewer: either this or match the way the other tx types are introduced which is the opposite

Ethereum network by allowing large amounts of data (blobs) to be included that cannot be directly accessed or
processed by the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).

When a blob-carrying transaction is included in a block, the transaction doesn't contain the blob data itself,

> but rather a commitment to this data. This commitment can be verified by the EVM, ensuring the data's availability and

Reviewer 2: Is it commitment or commit? 

Also, I think this is in passive voice. Can be rewritten for active voice: 

When the network includes a blob-carrying transaction in a block, the transaction doesn't actually contain the blob data itself. Instead, it contains a commitment to this data. The EVM can verify this commitment to ensure the data's availability and integrity without directly accessing the data.

integrity without the EVM needing to access the data directly.

:::info

> A commitment refers to a cryptographic proof that serves as a secure and verifiable way to attest to the existence

Reviewer 2: I think this can be rewritten with simpler language.

```suggestion

ChatGPT
A commitment is a type of cryptographic proof that securely and verifiably confirms the existence and integrity of large data blobs.
```
